docs(kic) add notes and link of setting up plugins in other language in (#3372)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/kubernetes-ingress-controller/1.0.x/guides/setting-up-custom-plugins.md

Once you have got Kong up and running, configure your
custom plugin via [KongPlugin resource](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/using-kongplugin-resource).

### Plugins in other languages

> Note when deploying custom plugins in other language espcially Golang, the built binary is larger than
> the size limit of ConfigMap. In such case, consider using an init container to pull such binary from
> remote like S3 buckets, or build a custom image that includes plugin runtimes and the plugin itself.
> 
> To read more about how to build a custom image, please read
> [use external plugins in container and Kubernetes](/enterprise/latest/external-plugins/#use-external-plugins-in-container-and-kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying custom plugins in other languages, especially Golang, the built binary is larger than
the size limit of ConfigMap. In such cases, consider using an init container to pull large binaries from
remotes like S3 buckets, or build a custom image that includes plugin runtimes and the plugin itself.

To read more about building a custom image, please read
[use external plugins in container and Kubernetes](/gateway/latest/reference/external-plugins/#use-external-plugins-in-container-and-kubernetes).
```
